Bump elliptic from 6.4.0 to 6.5.4 (#18)
wearebraid/vue-formulate-legacy: src/locales/README.md

# i18n moved

Locales have been removed from vue-formulate core to [vue-formulate-i18n](https://github.com/wearebraid/vue-formulate-i18n).
This was done to prevent to allow for better tree-shaking by bundlers and allow

> for lots of additional language support without growing the size of this package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Locales have been removed from vue-formulate core to [vue-formulate-i18n](https://github.com/wearebraid/vue-formulate-i18n).
This was done to allow for better tree-shaking by bundlers and allow
for lots of additional language support without increasing the size of the core package.
```
